ENTERPRISE-724: Allie / updating ip restriction docs (#3963)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/secure/ip-restrictions.md

- Deny IPs flagged by the Security team
- Allow only VPN traffic but make an exception for contractors’ IP addresses

> IP restrictions will block all service tokens, user requests done via the API (via personal user token), and the UI.

Reviewer: IP restrictions will block all service tokens requests, user requests done via the API (via personal user token), and the UI, if they are coming from blocked IP addresses.

Reviewer: This is for you can add a note about integrations using serviceTokens. 
"For any versionControl system integrations inbound into dbt Cloud, ensure their IP addresses are added to the allowed list. Examples: Gitlab, ADO and Github"

- Deny IPs flagged by the Security team
- Allow only VPN traffic but make an exception for contractors’ IP addresses

> IP restrictions will block all service tokens, user requests done via the API (via personal user token), and the UI, if they are coming from blocked IP addresses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IP restrictions will block all service tokens, user requests done via the API (via personal user token), and the UI if they come from blocked IP addresses.
```

> For any version control system integrations inbound into dbt Cloud, ensure their IP addresses are added to the allowed list. Examples: Gitlab, ADO and Github.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For any version control system integrations (Github, Gitlab, ADO, etc.) inbound into dbt Cloud, ensure their IP addresses are added to the allowed list.
```
